Update internal event for hackathon schedule... again (#1071)
nf-core/nf-co.re: markdown/events/2022/hackathon-march-2022.md

To keep things manageable, we will organise into the groups.
You are free to change groups as you wish during the hackathon.

We will also have additional events during the hackathon.

> These will be a presentation on making pipeline-related graphics and a helpdesk for customising MultiQC reports. Please see [below](#talks) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These will be a presentation on making pipeline-related graphics and a drop-in help desk for customising MultiQC reports. Please see [below](#talks) for more information.
```

## Talks

We will also be offering two different additional events throughout the hackathon at 14:30 each day.
These focus on useful 'soft skills' for developers that can enhance their documentation.

- 🖊 "Draw stuff good: how to use Inkscape & creating pipeline diagrams in Inkscape (like that [fancy metro-map](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nf-core/eager/master/docs/images/usage/eager2_metromap_complex.png) one)" presentation by [James Fellows Yates](https://github.com/jfy133)

> - 📊 "Pimp your MultiQC report" helpdesk hosted by [Phil Ewels](https://github.com/ewels)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 📊 "Pimp your MultiQC report" drop-in help desk hosted by [Phil Ewels](https://github.com/ewels)
```

                <td data-timestamp="1647437400" data-timeformat="HH:mm z">14:30</td>
                <td rowspan="3">Presentation (Optional)<br>
                   <ul class="small list-unstyled">
                    <li>Topic: Intro to Inkscape</li>
                    <li>Location: Lecture Theatre</li>

>                 <td rowspan="3">Helpdesk (Optional)<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                <td rowspan="3">Drop in (Optional)<br>
```

                   <ul class="small list-unstyled">

>                     <li>Topic: Custom MultiQC</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    <li>Topic: Customise MultiQC reports</li>
```
